OCPBUGS-7281: Adding TP PSA enforcement to 4.13 release notes (#57227)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-13-images"]
=== Images

[id="ocp-4-13-auth"]
=== Authentication and authorization

[id="ocp-4-13-psa-tp-feature-set"]
==== Pod security admission restricted enforcement (Technology Preview)

> With this release, pod security admission restricted _enforcement_ is available as a Technology Preview feature by enabling the `TechPreviewNoUpgrade` feature set. If you enable the `TechPreviewNoUpgrade` feature set, pods are rejected if they violate pod security standards, instead of only logging a warning.

Reviewer: If you know what part of the platform rejects the pods, consider making the second sentence active and moving the two potential consequences closer together, perhaps like:
```suggestion
With this release, pod security admission restricted _enforcement_ is available as a Technology Preview feature by enabling the `TechPreviewNoUpgrade` feature set. If you enable the `TechPreviewNoUpgrade` feature set, if pods violate pods security standards, the <component> rejects them instead of only logging a warning.
```

Author: I'll leave it as is, since I don't think the component details are important enough to call out.

[WARNING]
====

> Enabling the `TechPreviewNoUpgrade` feature set on your cluster cannot be undone and prevents minor version updates. You should not enable this feature set on production clusters.

Reviewer: Consider using this note, which is used in a few places in `main`, to avoid "should:"

> Enabling the `TechPreviewNoUpgrade` feature set cannot be undone and prevents minor version updates. These feature sets are not recommended on production clusters.

Author: @kalexand-rh This exact warning is used many other places, so I don't want to change the wording here. Probably should be a snippet honestly.

Funny enough, I tried to recommend the same thing during a peer review involving this note elsewhere (to avoid "should") and had to backtrack because of the thought that changing it might need change management, because the meaning could be different. :shrug:
